logging: add frontend API and calls (#16829)
zephyrproject-rtos/zephyr: doc/reference/logging/index.rst

    :depth: 2

The logger API provides a common interface to process messages issued by

> developers. Messagess are passed through a frontend and are then

Reviewer: ```suggestion
developers. Messages are passed through a frontend and are then
```

> developers. First, these messagess are passed through a frontend, then they

Reviewer: ```suggestion
developers. Messages are passed through a frontend and are then
```

> are processed by active backends.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
processed by active backends.
```

Log message is generated by a source of logging which can be a module or
instance of a module.

> Default Frontend

Reviewer: The title underline must be at least as long as the title, so add some more ===

| INF  | ERR  | INF  | OFF  | ... | OFF  |
+------+------+------+------+-----+------+

> Custom Frontend

Reviewer: Add more === to the title underline
